When I changed the list style to circle inside, the bullet points became hollow.
When I changed the list style to circle outside, the list moved to the left.
When I changed the list style to square, the bullet points turned to solid squares.
none = the bullet points went away.
2px red solid border = the border went across the whole bottom of the screen.
padding = the space between the left border and the list went away, the list also seemed to move down.
padding left 40 px = the list indented towards the right.
delete padding left & make padding 0 = the spaces to the left and above and below the list went away.

dashed black border = places a dashed black border around each item
padding 10px = there's a space between each list item and the dashed border.
width dashed border = the dashed border no longer takes up the whole screen
margin = there is a space between the left hand side of the borders and between each item
inline = each list item went horizontal and the red border went through them.
block= the list item and the border went back to normal.
inline-block = the list items went horizontal and one item was vertically under the first one, the red border was around all of them.

float (columns)
1. float both divs right= div 2 and div 1 are horizontally next to each other shifted towards the right(2 is first)
2. float both divs left = div 1 is first followed by div 2 horizontally shifted to the left
3. div 2 is on the left and div 1 is on the right
4.  both divs are on the right side, test div 1 is wider and above test div 2
5. 95%
6. The left side of the box stays formatted and the rest of the text adjusts automatically
7. When both the padding and margin settings are 3em, it throws off the format
8. It created three columns.
9. All three columns are equally sized
10. the right column is longer than the other two
11. the end two columns are longer and the middle one is shorter and wider




position
1. position = relative
2. the box shifted left
3. the box shifted right and is off the screen a little
4. the box shifted downward and is off the screen
5. the box shifted right and is still off the screen (at the bottom)
6.the box is how it was when I first started
7. position = absolute (the line of text outside of the box is covered)
8. the box is moved all the way to the top of the page and is covering the instructions
9. the box is moved all the way to the top right of the screen
10. the box shifted left a little bit
11.the box shifted down but is still shifted left from the right hand margin
12. box went to the bottom of the page and there was no room to scroll down
13. The box turned into a colum after messing with the width and margin values. 
